Is nothing is allowed
In our scheme of abbreviation
Is allowed
Is represented by G
So we went
Nothing is G
There are two ways to go about handling nothing
You can either think of it
Has
The negation of an existential
Generalization
Or you can think about it
As
A universal generalization of a negation
Let's start with the first
If this is the negation of an existential generalization
Then
It means that it's not the case
That something is
G
So
Stop for a moment and just make sure that you see
But saying that nothing is allowed
Is the same as
Saying that it's not the case
But something is allowed
If something were allowed
Then it wouldn't be true that nothing is allowed
So
We deal with the knot
That's just a negation
The something is G
Is there is a tax
GX and I've got some extra practices in that I put in there just
Keep track of things in English
So we have it's not the case
But there is
Some X
Such that
X
Is G